One-Arm Medicine Ball Slam
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Medicine Ball
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/one-arm-medicine-ball-slam
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/2081/Male/m/2081_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/2081/Male/m/2081_1.jpg

Landmine 180's
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Barbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/landmine-180s
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/1751/Male/m/1751_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/1751/Male/m/1751_2.jpg

Suspended Fallout
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Other
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/suspended-fallout
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/2723/Male/m/2723_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/2723/Male/m/2723_1.jpg

Plank
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/plank
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/908/Male/m/908_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/908/Male/m/908_1.jpg

Standing Cable Lift
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Cable
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/standing-cable-lift
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/936/Male/m/936_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/936/Male/m/936_2.jpg

Bottoms Up
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/bottoms-up
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/2021/Male/m/2021_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/2021/Male/m/2021_3.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/2021/Male/m/2021_2.jpg

Spell Caster
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Dumbbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/spell-caster
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/2041/Male/m/2041_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/2041/Male/m/2041_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/2041/Male/m/2041_3.jpg

Dumbbell V-Sit Cross Jab
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Dumbbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/dumbbell-v-sit-cross-jab
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/4751/Male/m/4751_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/4751/Male/m/4751_2.jpg

Decline Reverse Crunch
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/decline-reverse-crunch
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/194/Male/m/194_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/194/Male/m/194_1.jpg

Spider Crawl
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/spider-crawl
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/2061/Male/m/2061_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/2061/Male/m/2061_2.jpg

Cross-Body Crunch
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/cross-body-crunch
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/124/Male/m/124_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/124/Male/m/124_1.jpg

One-Arm High-Pulley Cable Side Bends
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Cable
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/one-arm-high-pulley-cable-side-bends-
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/933/Male/m/933_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/933/Male/m/933_2.jpg

Elbow to Knee
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/elbow-to-knee
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/2031/Male/m/2031_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/2031/Male/m/2031_2.jpg

Cocoons
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/cocoons
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/2011/Male/m/2011_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/2011/Male/m/2011_2.jpg

Plate Twist
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Other
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/plate-twist
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/106/Male/m/106_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/106/Male/m/106_3.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/106/Male/m/106_2.jpg

Gorilla Chin/Crunch
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/gorilla-chincrunch
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/183/Male/m/183_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/183/Male/m/183_2.jpg

Decline Crunch
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/decline-crunch
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/193/Male/m/193_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/193/Male/m/193_1.jpg

Hanging Pike
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/hanging-pike
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/4031/Male/m/4031_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/4031/Male/m/4031_1.jpg

Hanging Oblique Knee Raise
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/hanging-oblique-knee-raise
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3273/Male/m/3273_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3273/Male/m/3273_1.jpg

Weighted Suitcase Crunch
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Medicine Ball
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/weighted-suitcase-crunch
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/2813/Male/m/2813_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/2813/Male/m/2813_1.jpg

Oblique Cable Crunch
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Cable
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/oblique-cable-crunch
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3293/Male/m/3293_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3293/Male/m/3293_2.jpg

Exercise Ball Pull-In
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Exercise Ball
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exercise-ball-pull-in
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/121/Male/m/121_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/121/Male/m/121_1.jpg

Cable Crunch
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Cable
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/cable-crunch
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/163/Male/m/163_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/163/Male/m/163_1.jpg

Barbell Ab Rollout
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Barbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/barbell-ab-rollout
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/207/Male/m/207_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/207/Male/m/207_1.jpg

Hanging Leg Raise
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/hanging-leg-raise
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/222/Male/m/222_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/222/Male/m/222_2.jpg

Kneeling Cable Crunch With Alternating Oblique Twists
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Cable
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/kneeling-cable-crunch-with-alternating-oblique-twists
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/937/Male/m/937_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/937/Male/m/937_1.jpg

Ab Roller
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Other
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/ab-roller
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/110/Male/m/110_3.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/110/Male/m/110_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/110/Male/m/110_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/110/Male/m/110_4.jpg

Barbell Ab Rollout - On Knees
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Barbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/barbell-ab-rollout-on-knees
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/206/Male/m/206_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/206/Male/m/206_1.jpg

Weighted Crunches
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Medicine Ball
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/weighted-crunches
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/926/Male/m/926_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/926/Male/m/926_1.jpg

Reverse Crunch
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/reverse-crunch
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/119/Male/m/119_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/119/Male/m/119_1.jpg

Air Bike
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/air-bike
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/209/Male/m/209_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/209/Male/m/209_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/209/Male/m/209_3.jpg

3/4 Sit-Up
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/34-sit-up
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/2001/Male/m/2001_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/2001/Male/m/2001_2.jpg

Otis-Up
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Other
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/otis-up
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/2071/Male/m/2071_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/2071/Male/m/2071_1.jpg

Crunches
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/crunches
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/102/Male/m/102_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/102/Male/m/102_2.jpg

Dumbbell Side Bend
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Dumbbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/dumbbell-side-bend
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/88/Male/m/88_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/88/Male/m/88_2.jpg

Rope Crunch
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Cable
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/rope-crunch
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/888/Male/m/888_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/888/Male/m/888_2.jpg

Standing Rope Crunch
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Cable
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/standing-rope-crunch
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/2091/Male/m/2091_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/2091/Male/m/2091_1.jpg

Dead Bug
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/dead-bug
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/2733/Male/m/2733_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/2733/Male/m/2733_2.jpg

Crunch - Hands Overhead
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/crunch-hands-overhead
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/113/Male/m/113_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/113/Male/m/113_2.jpg

Knee/Hip Raise On Parallel Bars
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Other
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/kneehip-raise-on-parallel-bars
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/340/Male/m/340_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/340/Male/m/340_1.jpg

Sledgehammer Swings
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Other
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/sledgehammer-swings
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/916/Male/m/916_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/916/Male/m/916_3.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/916/Male/m/916_2.jpg

Jackknife Sit-Up
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/jackknife-sit-up
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/91/Male/m/91_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/91/Male/m/91_1.jpg

Decline Oblique Crunch
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/decline-oblique-crunch
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/211/Male/m/211_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/211/Male/m/211_2.jpg

Stomach Vacuum
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/stomach-vacuum
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/243/Male/m/243_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/243/Male/m/243_1.jpg

Press Sit-Up
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Barbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/press-sit-up
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/203/Male/m/203_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/203/Male/m/203_2.jpg

Bosu Ball Cable Crunch With Side Bends
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Cable
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/bosu-ball-cable-crunch-with-side-bends
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/932/Male/m/932_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/932/Male/m/932_3.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/932/Male/m/932_2.jpg

Tuck Crunch
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/tuck-crunch
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/115/Male/m/115_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/115/Male/m/115_2.jpg

Pallof Press
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Cable
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/pallof-press
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/2713/Male/m/2713_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/2713/Male/m/2713_1.jpg

Flat Bench Lying Leg Raise
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/flat-bench-lying-leg-raise
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/90/Male/m/90_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/90/Male/m/90_2.jpg

Seated Flat Bench Leg Pull-In
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/seated-flat-bench-leg-pull-in
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/93/Male/m/93_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/93/Male/m/93_1.jpg

Exercise Ball Crunch
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Exercise Ball
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exercise-ball-crunch
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/117/Male/m/117_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/117/Male/m/117_2.jpg

Russian Twist
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/russian-twist
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/208/Male/m/208_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/208/Male/m/208_2.jpg

Oblique Crunches
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/oblique-crunches
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/104/Male/m/104_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/104/Male/m/104_2.jpg

Advanced Kettlebell Windmill
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Kettlebells
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/advanced-kettlebell-windmill
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/502/Male/m/502_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/502/Male/m/502_1.jpg

Barbell Rollout from Bench
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Barbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/barbell-rollout-from-bench
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/1961/Male/m/1961_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/1961/Male/m/1961_1.jpg

Butt-Ups
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/butt-ups
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/127/Male/m/127_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/127/Male/m/127_2.jpg

Cable Reverse Crunch
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Cable
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/cable-reverse-crunch
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/938/Male/m/938_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/938/Male/m/938_1.jpg

Standing Cable Wood Chop
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Cable
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/standing-cable-wood-chop
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/935/Male/m/935_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/935/Male/m/935_2.jpg

Bent-Knee Hip Raise
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/bent-knee-hip-raise
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/118/Male/m/118_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/118/Male/m/118_1.jpg

Cable Russian Twists
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Cable
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/cable-russian-twists
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/940/Male/m/940_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/940/Male/m/940_1.jpg

Ab Crunch Machine
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Machine
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/ab-crunch-machine
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/225/Male/m/225_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/225/Male/m/225_2.jpg

Weighted Sit-Ups - With Bands
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Other
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/weighted-sit-ups-with-bands
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/262/Male/m/262_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/262/Male/m/262_1.jpg

Wind Sprints
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/wind-sprints
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/2051/Male/m/2051_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/2051/Male/m/2051_2.jpg

Smith Machine Hip Raise
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Machine
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/smith-machine-hip-raise
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/2181/Male/m/2181_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/2181/Male/m/2181_2.jpg

Alternate Heel Touchers
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/alternate-heel-touchers
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/105/Male/m/105_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/105/Male/m/105_2.jpg

Pallof Press With Rotation
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Cable
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/pallof-press-with-rotation
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/934/Male/m/934_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/934/Male/m/934_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/934/Male/m/934_3.jpg

Suspended Reverse Crunch
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Other
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/suspended-reverse-crunch
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/1401/Male/m/1401_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/1401/Male/m/1401_2.jpg

Flat Bench Leg Pull-In
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/flat-bench-leg-pull-in
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/94/Male/m/94_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/94/Male/m/94_2.jpg

Cable Seated Crunch
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Cable
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/cable-seated-crunch
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/316/Male/m/316_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/316/Male/m/316_1.jpg

Frog Sit-Ups
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/frog-sit-ups
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/295/Male/m/295_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/295/Male/m/295_1.jpg

Kettlebell Windmill
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Kettlebells
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/kettlebell-windmill
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/533/Male/m/533_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/533/Male/m/533_1.jpg

Kettlebell Figure 8
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Kettlebells
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/kettlebell-figure-8
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/548/Male/m/548_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/548/Male/m/548_3.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/548/Male/m/548_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/548/Male/m/548_4.jpg

Sit-Up
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/sit-up
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/217/Male/m/217_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/217/Male/m/217_1.jpg

Side Bridge
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/side-bridge
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/249/Male/m/249_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/249/Male/m/249_1.jpg

Leg Pull-In
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/leg-pull-in
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/95/Male/m/95_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/95/Male/m/95_2.jpg

Oblique Crunches - On The Floor
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/oblique-crunches-on-the-floor
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/122/Male/m/122_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/122/Male/m/122_2.jpg

Janda Sit-Up
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/janda-sit-up
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/202/Male/m/202_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/202/Male/m/202_2.jpg

Crunch - Legs On Exercise Ball
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/crunch-legs-on-exercise-ball
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/116/Male/m/116_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/116/Male/m/116_1.jpg

Side Jackknife
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/side-jackknife
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/123/Male/m/123_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/123/Male/m/123_2.jpg

Kettlebell Pass Between The Legs
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Kettlebells
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/kettlebell-pass-between-the-legs
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/524/Male/m/524_3.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/524/Male/m/524_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/524/Male/m/524_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/524/Male/m/524_4.jpg

Seated Leg Tucks
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/seated-leg-tucks
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/290/Male/m/290_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/290/Male/m/290_1.jpg

Scissor Kick
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/scissor-kick
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/120/Male/m/120_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/120/Male/m/120_2.jpg

Barbell Side Bend
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Barbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/barbell-side-bend
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/87/Male/m/87_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/87/Male/m/87_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/87/Male/m/87_3.jpg

Toe Touchers
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/toe-touchers
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/107/Male/m/107_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/107/Male/m/107_1.jpg

Lower Back Curl
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/lower-back-curl
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/602/Male/m/602_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/602/Male/m/602_2.jpg

Weighted Ball Side Bend
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Exercise Ball
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/weighted-ball-side-bend
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/333/Male/m/333_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/333/Male/m/333_2.jpg

Bent Press
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Kettlebells
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/bent-press
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/196/Male/m/196_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/196/Male/m/196_3.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/196/Male/m/196_1.jpg

Supine Two-Arm Overhead Throw
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Medicine Ball
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/supine-two-arm-overhead-throw
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/840/Male/m/840_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/840/Male/m/840_3.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/840/Male/m/840_2.jpg

Torso Rotation
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Exercise Ball
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/torso-rotation
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/640/Male/m/640_3.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/640/Male/m/640_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/640/Male/m/640_2.jpg

Cable Judo Flip
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Cable
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/cable-judo-flip
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/939/Male/m/939_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/939/Male/m/939_1.jpg

Seated Barbell Twist
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Barbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/seated-barbell-twist
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/89/Male/m/89_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/89/Male/m/89_2.jpg

Seated Overhead Stretch
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: None
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/seated-overhead-stretch
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/406/Male/m/406_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/406/Male/m/406_2.jpg

Overhead Stretch
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: None
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/overhead-stretch
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/432/Male/m/432_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/432/Male/m/432_1.jpg

Standing Lateral Stretch
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: None
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/standing-lateral-stretch
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/411/Male/m/411_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/411/Male/m/411_1.jpg

Double Kettlebell Windmill
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Kettlebells
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/double-kettlebell-windmill
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/508/Male/m/508_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/508/Male/m/508_2.jpg

Hip Crossover
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/hip-crossover
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/876/Male/m/876_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/876/Male/m/876_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/876/Male/m/876_3.jpg

Plank with Twist
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/plank-with-twist
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/909/Male/m/909_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/909/Male/m/909_2.jpg

Suitcase Crunch
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/suitcase-crunch
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/2803/Male/m/2803_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/2803/Male/m/2803_2.jpg

Seated Scissor Kick
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/seated-scissor-kick
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3033/Male/m/3033_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3033/Male/m/3033_2.jpg

Cross Crunch
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/cross-crunch
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3123/Male/m/3123_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3123/Male/m/3123_1.jpg

Straight-Legged Hip Raise
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/straight-legged-hip-raise
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3461/Male/m/3461_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3461/Male/m/3461_2.jpg

Partner Facing Planks With Alternating High-Five
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/partner-facing-planks-with-alternating-high-five
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3511/Male/m/3511_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3511/Male/m/3511_2.jpg

Partner 3-Touch Motion Russian Twist
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Medicine Ball
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/partner-3-touch-motion-russian-twist
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3561/Male/m/3561_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3561/Male/m/3561_2.jpg

Partner Side-To-Side Russian Twist & Pass
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Medicine Ball
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/partner-side-to-side-russian-twist-pass
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3571/Male/m/3571_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3571/Male/m/3571_1.jpg

Partner Hanging Knee Raise With Throw Down
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/partner-hanging-knee-raise-with-throw-down
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3651/Male/m/3651_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3651/Male/m/3651_2.jpg

Partner Hanging Knee Raise With Manual Resistance
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/partner-hanging-knee-raise-with-manual-resistance
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3661/Male/m/3661_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3661/Male/m/3661_2.jpg

Medicine Ball Rotational Throw
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Medicine Ball
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/medicine-ball-rotational-throw
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3821/Male/m/3821_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3821/Male/m/3821_1.jpg

Suspended Crunch
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/suspended-crunch
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3921/Male/m/3921_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3921/Male/m/3921_2.jpg

Bosu Ball Crunch
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Exercise Ball
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/bosu-ball-crunch
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3981/Male/m/3981_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3981/Male/m/3981_2.jpg

Stability Ball Pike With Knee Tuck
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Exercise Ball
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/stability-ball-pike-with-knee-tuck
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/4401/Male/m/4401_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/4401/Male/m/4401_3.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/4401/Male/m/4401_2.jpg

Shoulder Tap
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/shoulder-tap
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/4801/Male/m/4801_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/4801/Male/m/4801_2.jpg

Kettlebell 3-Point Extension
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/kettlebell-3-point-extension
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/5313/Male/m/5313_4.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/5313/Male/m/5313_3.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/5313/Male/m/5313_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/5313/Male/m/5313_2.jpg

Breakdancer
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/breakdancer
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/5373/Male/m/5373_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/5373/Male/m/5373_1.jpg

Medicine Ball Full Twist
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Medicine Ball
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/medicine-ball-full-twist
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/802/Male/m/802_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/802/Male/m/802_3.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/802/Male/m/802_1.jpg

Supine One-Arm Overhead Throw
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Medicine Ball
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/supine-one-arm-overhead-throw
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/839/Male/m/839_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/839/Male/m/839_1.jpg

Partner Target Sit-Up
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/partner-target-sit-up
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3491/Male/m/3491_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3491/Male/m/3491_1.jpg

Partner Lying Leg Raise With Throw Down
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/partner-lying-leg-raise-with-throw-down
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3521/Male/m/3521_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3521/Male/m/3521_2.jpg

Partner Sit-Up With High-Five
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/partner-sit-up-with-high-five
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3581/Male/m/3581_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3581/Male/m/3581_2.jpg

Partner Lying Leg Raise With Lateral Throw Down
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/partner-lying-leg-raise-with-lateral-throw-down
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3591/Male/m/3591_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3591/Male/m/3591_1.jpg

Waiter's Carry
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Other
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/waiters-carry
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/4311/Male/m/4311_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/4311/Male/m/4311_1.jpg

Skin The Cat To Push-Up
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Other
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/skin-the-cat-to-push-up
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/4651/Male/m/4651_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/4651/Male/m/4651_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/4651/Male/m/4651_3.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/4651/Male/m/4651_4.jpg

V-Sit Lying Down Ball Throw And Catch
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Medicine Ball
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/v-sit-lying-down-ball-throw-and-catch
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/4981/Male/m/4981_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/4981/Male/m/4981_2.jpg

Wall Mountain Climber
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/wall-mountain-climber
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/5253/Male/m/5253_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/5253/Male/m/5253_1.jpg

Full Moon
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/full-moon
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/5263/Male/m/5263_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/5263/Male/m/5263_2.jpg

Crab Toe Touch
Muscle Targeted: Abdominals
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/crab-toe-touch
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/5463/Male/m/5463_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/5463/Male/m/5463_2.jpg

