Hip Circles (prone)
Muscle Targeted: Abductors
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/hip-circles-prone
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/874/Male/m/874_3.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/874/Male/m/874_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/874/Male/m/874_2.jpg

Standing Hip Circles
Muscle Targeted: Abductors
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/standing-hip-circles
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/873/Male/m/873_3.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/873/Male/m/873_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/873/Male/m/873_2.jpg

Clam
Muscle Targeted: Abductors
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/clam
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/2843/Male/m/2843_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/2843/Male/m/2843_1.jpg

Thigh Abductor
Muscle Targeted: Abductors
Equipment Type: Machine
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/thigh-abductor
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/154/Male/m/154_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/154/Male/m/154_2.jpg

Iliotibial Tract-SMR
Muscle Targeted: Abductors
Equipment Type: Foam Roll
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/iliotibial-tract-smr
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/594/Male/m/594_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/594/Male/m/594_2.jpg

Windmills
Muscle Targeted: Abductors
Equipment Type: None
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/windmills
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/631/Male/m/631_3.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/631/Male/m/631_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/631/Male/m/631_1.jpg

Fire Hydrant
Muscle Targeted: Abductors
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/fire-hydrant
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3441/Male/m/3441_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3441/Male/m/3441_2.jpg

Monster Walk
Muscle Targeted: Abductors
Equipment Type: Bands
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/monster-walk
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/903/Male/m/903_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/903/Male/m/903_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/903/Male/m/903_3.jpg

IT Band and Glute Stretch
Muscle Targeted: Abductors
Equipment Type: Other
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/it-band-and-glute-stretch
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/598/Male/m/598_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/598/Male/m/598_2.jpg

Lying Crossover
Muscle Targeted: Abductors
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/lying-crossover
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/604/Male/m/604_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/604/Male/m/604_2.jpg

Lateral Band Walk
Muscle Targeted: Abductors
Equipment Type: Bands
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/lateral-band-walk
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3721/Male/m/3721_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3721/Male/m/3721_1.jpg

Hip Circle
Muscle Targeted: Abductors
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/hip-circle
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3701/Male/m/3701_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3701/Male/m/3701_1.jpg

