Thigh Adductor
Muscle Targeted: Adductors
Equipment Type: Machine
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/thigh-adductor
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/153/Male/m/153_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/153/Male/m/153_2.jpg

Groiners
Muscle Targeted: Adductors
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/groiners-
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/592/Male/m/592_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/592/Male/m/592_1.jpg

Band Hip Adductions
Muscle Targeted: Adductors
Equipment Type: Bands
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/band-hip-adductions
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/850/Male/m/850_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/850/Male/m/850_2.jpg

Side Leg Raises
Muscle Targeted: Adductors
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/side-leg-raises
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/635/Male/m/635_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/635/Male/m/635_1.jpg

Lateral Bound
Muscle Targeted: Adductors
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/lateral-bound-
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/794/Male/m/794_3.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/794/Male/m/794_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/794/Male/m/794_4.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/794/Male/m/794_2.jpg

Groin and Back Stretch
Muscle Targeted: Adductors
Equipment Type: None
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/groin-and-back-stretch
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/591/Male/m/591_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/591/Male/m/591_2.jpg

Adductor
Muscle Targeted: Adductors
Equipment Type: Foam Roll
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/adductor
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/583/Male/m/583_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/583/Male/m/583_2.jpg

Side Lying Groin Stretch
Muscle Targeted: Adductors
Equipment Type: None
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/side-lying-groin-stretch
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/407/Male/m/407_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/407/Male/m/407_1.jpg

Adductor/Groin
Muscle Targeted: Adductors
Equipment Type: None
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/adductorgroin-
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/580/Male/m/580_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/580/Male/m/580_1.jpg

Lying Bent Leg Groin
Muscle Targeted: Adductors
Equipment Type: Other
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/lying-bent-leg-groin
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/603/Male/m/603_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/603/Male/m/603_2.jpg

Carioca Quick Step
Muscle Targeted: Adductors
Equipment Type: None
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/carioca-quick-step
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/961/Male/m/961_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/961/Male/m/961_4.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/961/Male/m/961_3.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/961/Male/m/961_2.jpg

Lateral Box Jump
Muscle Targeted: Adductors
Equipment Type: Other
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/lateral-box-jump
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/795/Male/m/795_4.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/795/Male/m/795_3.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/795/Male/m/795_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/795/Male/m/795_1.jpg

Lateral Cone Hops
Muscle Targeted: Adductors
Equipment Type: Other
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/lateral-cone-hops
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/796/Male/m/796_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/796/Male/m/796_4.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/796/Male/m/796_3.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/796/Male/m/796_1.jpg

