Single-Leg Press
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Machine
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/single-leg-press
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3941/Male/m/3941_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3941/Male/m/3941_1.jpg

Clean from Blocks
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Barbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/clean-from-blocks
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/746/Male/m/746_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/746/Male/m/746_4.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/746/Male/m/746_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/746/Male/m/746_3.jpg

Barbell Full Squat
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Barbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/barbell-full-squat
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/64/Male/m/64_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/64/Male/m/64_2.jpg

Tire Flip
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Other
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/tire-flip
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/725/Male/m/725_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/725/Male/m/725_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/725/Male/m/725_3.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/725/Male/m/725_4.jpg

Snatch
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Barbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/snatch
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/187/Male/m/187_3.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/187/Male/m/187_4.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/187/Male/m/187_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/187/Male/m/187_1.jpg

Hang Clean
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Barbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/hang-clean
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/688/Male/m/688_4.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/688/Male/m/688_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/688/Male/m/688_3.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/688/Male/m/688_1.jpg

Box Squat
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Barbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/box-squat
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/665/Male/m/665_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/665/Male/m/665_2.jpg

Reverse Band Box Squat
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Barbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/reverse-band-box-squat
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/753/Male/m/753_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/753/Male/m/753_1.jpg

Front Squats With Two Kettlebells
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Kettlebells
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/front-squats-with-two-kettlebells
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/511/Male/m/511_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/511/Male/m/511_2.jpg

Single Leg Push-off
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Other
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/single-leg-push-off
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/818/Male/m/818_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/818/Male/m/818_2.jpg

Rope Jumping
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Other
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/rope-jumping
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/651/Male/m/651_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/651/Male/m/651_1.jpg

Barbell Walking Lunge
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Barbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/barbell-walking-lunge
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/2241/Male/m/2241_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/2241/Male/m/2241_2.jpg

Olympic Squat
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Barbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/olympic-squat-
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/700/Male/m/700_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/700/Male/m/700_1.jpg

Kettlebell Pistol Squat
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Kettlebells
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/kettlebell-pistol-squat
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/521/Male/m/521_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/521/Male/m/521_1.jpg

Step Mill
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Machine
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/step-mill
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/656/Male/m/656_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/656/Male/m/656_2.jpg

Narrow Stance Squats
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Barbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/narrow-stance-squats
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/269/Male/m/269_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/269/Male/m/269_2.jpg

Bear Crawl Sled Drags
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Other
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/bear-crawl-sled-drags-
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/730/Male/m/730_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/730/Male/m/730_2.jpg

Bodyweight Lunge
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/bodyweight-lunge
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/4461/Male/m/4461_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/4461/Male/m/4461_2.jpg

Box Squat with Bands
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Barbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/box-squat-with-bands
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/666/Male/m/666_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/666/Male/m/666_2.jpg

Squat with Chains
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Barbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/squat-with-chains
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/705/Male/m/705_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/705/Male/m/705_1.jpg

Weighted Jump Squat
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Barbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/weighted-jump-squat-
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/887/Male/m/887_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/887/Male/m/887_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/887/Male/m/887_3.jpg

Single-Leg High Box Squat
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Other
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/single-leg-high-box-squat
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/1231/Male/m/1231_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/1231/Male/m/1231_2.jpg

Front Barbell Squat
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Barbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/front-barbell-squat
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/42/Male/m/42_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/42/Male/m/42_1.jpg

Bicycling
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Other
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/bicycling
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/646/Male/m/646_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/646/Male/m/646_3.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/646/Male/m/646_2.jpg

Rowing, Stationary
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Machine
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/rowing-stationary
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/652/Male/m/652_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/652/Male/m/652_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/652/Male/m/652_3.jpg

Barbell Squat
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Barbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/barbell-squat
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3861/Male/m/3861_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3861/Male/m/3861_2.jpg

Dumbbell Squat
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Dumbbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/dumbbell-squat
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/85/Male/m/85_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/85/Male/m/85_1.jpg

Side to Side Box Shuffle
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Other
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/side-to-side-box-shuffle
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/817/Male/m/817_3.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/817/Male/m/817_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/817/Male/m/817_4.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/817/Male/m/817_2.jpg

Dumbbell Goblet Squat
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Dumbbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/dumbbell-goblet-squat
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3711/Male/m/3711_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3711/Male/m/3711_2.jpg

Dumbbell Lunges
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Dumbbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/dumbbell-lunges
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/32/Male/m/32_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/32/Male/m/32_2.jpg

Leg Press
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Machine
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/leg-press
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/57/Male/m/57_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/57/Male/m/57_1.jpg

Narrow Stance Hack Squats
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Machine
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/narrow-stance-hack-squats
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/271/Male/m/271_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/271/Male/m/271_1.jpg

Narrow Stance Leg Press
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Machine
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/narrow-stance-leg-press
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/272/Male/m/272_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/272/Male/m/272_1.jpg

Elliptical Trainer
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Machine
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/elliptical-trainer
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/648/Male/m/648_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/648/Male/m/648_2.jpg

Stairmaster
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Machine
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/stairmaster
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/655/Male/m/655_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/655/Male/m/655_1.jpg

Double Leg Butt Kick
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/double-leg-butt-kick
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/778/Male/m/778_3.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/778/Male/m/778_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/778/Male/m/778_1.jpg

Standing Long Jump
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/standing-long-jump
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/831/Male/m/831_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/831/Male/m/831_4.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/831/Male/m/831_3.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/831/Male/m/831_1.jpg

Burpee
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/burpee
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3153/Male/m/3153_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3153/Male/m/3153_3.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3153/Male/m/3153_2.jpg

Barbell Lunge
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Barbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/barbell-lunge
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/41/Male/m/41_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/41/Male/m/41_1.jpg

Mountain Climbers
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: None
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/mountain-climbers
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/608/Male/m/608_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/608/Male/m/608_2.jpg

Bodyweight Squat
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/bodyweight-squat
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/855/Male/m/855_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/855/Male/m/855_2.jpg

Trap Bar Deadlift
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Other
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/trap-bar-deadlift
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/921/Male/m/921_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/921/Male/m/921_2.jpg

Chair Squat
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Machine
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/chair-squat
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/1821/Male/m/1821_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/1821/Male/m/1821_2.jpg

Machine Squat
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Machine
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/machine-squat
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3193/Male/m/3193_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3193/Male/m/3193_1.jpg

Dumbbell Rear Lunge
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Dumbbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/dumbbell-rear-lunge
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/109/Male/m/109_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/109/Male/m/109_2.jpg

Goblet Squat
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Kettlebells
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/goblet-squat
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/590/Male/m/590_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/590/Male/m/590_2.jpg

Trail Running/Walking
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: None
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/trail-runningwalking
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/657/Male/m/657_3.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/657/Male/m/657_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/657/Male/m/657_2.jpg

Barbell Step Ups
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Barbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/barbell-step-ups
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/62/Male/m/62_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/62/Male/m/62_2.jpg

Smith Machine Squat
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Machine
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/smith-machine-squat
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/65/Male/m/65_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/65/Male/m/65_2.jpg

Split Squat with Dumbbells
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Dumbbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/split-squat-with-dumbbells
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/800/Male/m/800_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/800/Male/m/800_2.jpg

One Leg Barbell Squat
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Barbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/one-leg-barbell-squat
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/111/Male/m/111_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/111/Male/m/111_2.jpg

Scissors Jump
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/scissors-jump
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/813/Male/m/813_4.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/813/Male/m/813_3.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/813/Male/m/813_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/813/Male/m/813_2.jpg

Leg Extensions
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Machine
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/leg-extensions
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/53/Male/m/53_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/53/Male/m/53_2.jpg

Barbell Hack Squat
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Barbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/barbell-hack-squat
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/84/Male/m/84_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/84/Male/m/84_2.jpg

Hang Clean - Below the Knees
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Barbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/hang-clean-below-the-knees
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/689/Male/m/689_3.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/689/Male/m/689_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/689/Male/m/689_4.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/689/Male/m/689_2.jpg

Jumping Jacks
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: None
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/jumping-jacks
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/2943/Male/m/2943_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/2943/Male/m/2943_2.jpg

Hack Squat
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Machine
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/hack-squat
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/56/Male/m/56_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/56/Male/m/56_2.jpg

Freehand Jump Squat
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/freehand-jump-squat
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/108/Male/m/108_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/108/Male/m/108_2.jpg

Weighted Sissy Squat
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Barbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/weighted-sissy-squat
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/335/Male/m/335_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/335/Male/m/335_2.jpg

Skating
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Other
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/skating
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/654/Male/m/654_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/654/Male/m/654_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/654/Male/m/654_3.jpg

Jog In Place
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/jog-in-place
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/2963/Male/m/2963_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/2963/Male/m/2963_2.jpg

Running, Treadmill
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Machine
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/running-treadmill
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/653/Male/m/653_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/653/Male/m/653_2.jpg

Plie Dumbbell Squat
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Dumbbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/plie-dumbbell-squat
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/43/Male/m/43_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/43/Male/m/43_1.jpg

Split Jerk
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Barbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/split-jerk
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/719/Male/m/719_3.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/719/Male/m/719_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/719/Male/m/719_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/719/Male/m/719_4.jpg

Dumbbell Seated Box Jump
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Dumbbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/dumbbell-seated-box-jump
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/1151/Male/m/1151_4.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/1151/Male/m/1151_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/1151/Male/m/1151_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/1151/Male/m/1151_3.jpg

Barbell Thruster
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Barbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/barbell-thruster
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/4231/Male/m/4231_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/4231/Male/m/4231_1.jpg

Bicycling, Stationary
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Machine
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/bicycling-stationary
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/647/Male/m/647_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/647/Male/m/647_1.jpg

Jogging-Treadmill
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Machine
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/jogging-treadmill
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/649/Male/m/649_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/649/Male/m/649_2.jpg

Bodyweight Reverse Lunge
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/bodyweight-reverse-lunge
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/4051/Male/m/4051_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/4051/Male/m/4051_2.jpg

Cable Hip Adduction
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Cable
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/cable-hip-adduction
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/312/Male/m/312_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/312/Male/m/312_2.jpg

Recumbent Bike
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Machine
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/recumbent-bike
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/650/Male/m/650_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/650/Male/m/650_2.jpg

Walking, Treadmill
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Machine
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/walking-treadmill
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/658/Male/m/658_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/658/Male/m/658_2.jpg

Butt Kicks
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/butt-kicks
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3143/Male/m/3143_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3143/Male/m/3143_1.jpg

Wide-Stance Barbell Squat
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Barbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/wide-stance-barbell-squat
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/4501/Male/m/4501_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/4501/Male/m/4501_1.jpg

Alien Squat
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/alien-squat
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/4541/Male/m/4541_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/4541/Male/m/4541_2.jpg

Dumbbell Step Ups
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Dumbbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/dumbbell-step-ups
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/63/Male/m/63_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/63/Male/m/63_2.jpg

Power Jerk
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Barbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/power-jerk-
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/702/Male/m/702_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/702/Male/m/702_4.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/702/Male/m/702_3.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/702/Male/m/702_2.jpg

Zercher Squats
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Barbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/zercher-squats
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/284/Male/m/284_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/284/Male/m/284_1.jpg

Lying Machine Squat
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Machine
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/lying-machine-squat
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/66/Male/m/66_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/66/Male/m/66_1.jpg

Jefferson Squats
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Barbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/jefferson-squats
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/283/Male/m/283_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/283/Male/m/283_2.jpg

Jerk Dip Squat
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Barbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/jerk-dip-squat
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/695/Male/m/695_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/695/Male/m/695_3.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/695/Male/m/695_2.jpg

Yoke Walk
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Other
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/yoke-walk
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/726/Male/m/726_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/726/Male/m/726_2.jpg

Rocket Jump
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/rocket-jump
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/812/Male/m/812_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/812/Male/m/812_2.jpg

Smith Machine Leg Press
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Machine
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/smith-machine-leg-press
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/1871/Male/m/1871_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/1871/Male/m/1871_1.jpg

Bodyweight Walking Lunge
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: None
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/bodyweight-walking-lunge
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/2161/Male/m/2161_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/2161/Male/m/2161_2.jpg

Wall Ball Squat
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Medicine Ball
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/wall-ball-squat
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/4151/Male/m/4151_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/4151/Male/m/4151_1.jpg

Depth Jump Leap
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Other
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/depth-jump-leap
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/775/Male/m/775_3.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/775/Male/m/775_4.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/775/Male/m/775_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/775/Male/m/775_2.jpg

Overhead Squat
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Barbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/overhead-squat
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/248/Male/m/248_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/248/Male/m/248_2.jpg

Single-Leg Leg Extension
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Machine
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/single-leg-leg-extension
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/1091/Male/m/1091_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/1091/Male/m/1091_2.jpg

Pistol Squat
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/pistol-squat
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3481/Male/m/3481_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3481/Male/m/3481_2.jpg

Barbell Side Split Squat
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Barbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/barbell-side-split-squat
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/310/Male/m/310_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/310/Male/m/310_1.jpg

Side Lunge
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/side-lunge
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/2873/Male/m/2873_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/2873/Male/m/2873_2.jpg

Walking High Knees
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/walking-high-knees
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3053/Male/m/3053_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3053/Male/m/3053_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3053/Male/m/3053_3.jpg

Speed Squats
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Barbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/speed-squats
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/268/Male/m/268_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/268/Male/m/268_2.jpg

Smith Single-Leg Split Squat
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Machine
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/smith-single-leg-split-squat
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/330/Male/m/330_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/330/Male/m/330_1.jpg

Seated Leg Press
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Machine
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/seated-leg-press
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3411/Male/m/3411_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3411/Male/m/3411_1.jpg

Kettlebell Curtsy Lunge
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Kettlebells
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/kettlebell-curtsy-lunge
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3801/Male/m/3801_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3801/Male/m/3801_1.jpg

Frankenstein Squat
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Barbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/frankenstein-squat
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/684/Male/m/684_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/684/Male/m/684_2.jpg

Single Leg Butt Kick
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/single-leg-butt-kick
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/819/Male/m/819_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/819/Male/m/819_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/819/Male/m/819_3.jpg

Cable Deadlifts
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Cable
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/cable-deadlifts
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/860/Male/m/860_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/860/Male/m/860_2.jpg

Jump Squat
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/jump-squat
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/2953/Male/m/2953_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/2953/Male/m/2953_1.jpg

One-Arm Side Deadlift
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Barbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/one-arm-side-deadlift
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/198/Male/m/198_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/198/Male/m/198_1.jpg

Split Jump
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/split-jump
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/826/Male/m/826_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/826/Male/m/826_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/826/Male/m/826_4.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/826/Male/m/826_3.jpg

Bench Jump
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/bench-jump
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/1891/Male/m/1891_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/1891/Male/m/1891_2.jpg

Barbell Squat To A Bench
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Barbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/barbell-squat-to-a-bench
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/58/Male/m/58_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/58/Male/m/58_1.jpg

Dumbbell Walking Lunge
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Dumbbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/dumbbell-walking-lunge
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/4581/Male/m/4581_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/4581/Male/m/4581_1.jpg

Front Cone Hops (or hurdle hops)
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Other
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/front-cone-hops-or-hurdle-hops
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/783/Male/m/783_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/783/Male/m/783_4.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/783/Male/m/783_3.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/783/Male/m/783_1.jpg

Weighted Squat
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Other
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/weighted-squat
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/336/Male/m/336_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/336/Male/m/336_2.jpg

Clean Pull
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Barbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/clean-pull-
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/672/Male/m/672_3.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/672/Male/m/672_4.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/672/Male/m/672_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/672/Male/m/672_1.jpg

Dumbbell Squat To A Bench
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Dumbbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/dumbbell-squat-to-a-bench
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/61/Male/m/61_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/61/Male/m/61_2.jpg

90-Degree Jump Squat Twist
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/90-degree-jump-squat-twist
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/4721/Male/m/4721_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/4721/Male/m/4721_1.jpg

One-Arm Overhead Kettlebell Squats
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Kettlebells
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/one-arm-overhead-kettlebell-squats
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/522/Male/m/522_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/522/Male/m/522_2.jpg

Smith Machine Pistol Squat
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Machine
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/smith-machine-pistol-squat
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/1881/Male/m/1881_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/1881/Male/m/1881_1.jpg

Bench Sprint
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Other
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/bench-sprint
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/1901/Male/m/1901_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/1901/Male/m/1901_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/1901/Male/m/1901_3.jpg

Wide-Stance Leg Press
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Machine
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/wide-stance-leg-press
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3421/Male/m/3421_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3421/Male/m/3421_2.jpg

Backward Drag
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Other
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/backward-drag
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/728/Male/m/728_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/728/Male/m/728_1.jpg

Alternate Leg Diagonal Bound
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: None
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/alternate-leg-diagonal-bound
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/760/Male/m/760_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/760/Male/m/760_3.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/760/Male/m/760_4.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/760/Male/m/760_2.jpg

Sled Push
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Other
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/sled-push
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/714/Male/m/714_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/714/Male/m/714_2.jpg

Squat with Plate Movers
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Barbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/squat-with-plate-movers
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/1831/Male/m/1831_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/1831/Male/m/1831_3.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/1831/Male/m/1831_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/1831/Male/m/1831_4.jpg

Suspended Split Squat
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Other
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/suspended-split-squat
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/1391/Male/m/1391_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/1391/Male/m/1391_2.jpg

Intermediate Hip Flexor and Quad Stretch
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Other
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/intermediate-hip-flexor-and-quad-stretch
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/596/Male/m/596_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/596/Male/m/596_2.jpg

Sit Squats
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: None
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/sit-squats
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/637/Male/m/637_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/637/Male/m/637_2.jpg

Squats - With Bands
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Bands
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/squats-with-bands
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/260/Male/m/260_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/260/Male/m/260_1.jpg

Fast Skipping
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/fast-skipping
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/780/Male/m/780_4.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/780/Male/m/780_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/780/Male/m/780_3.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/780/Male/m/780_2.jpg

Kneeling Hip Flexor
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: None
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/kneeling-hip-flexor
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/476/Male/m/476_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/476/Male/m/476_1.jpg

Quadriceps-SMR
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Foam Roll
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/quadriceps-smr
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/615/Male/m/615_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/615/Male/m/615_2.jpg

Front Barbell Squat To A Bench
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Barbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/front-barbell-squat-to-a-bench
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/59/Male/m/59_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/59/Male/m/59_2.jpg

Iron Crosses (stretch)
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: None
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/iron-crosses-stretch
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/597/Male/m/597_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/597/Male/m/597_2.jpg

All Fours Quad Stretch
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/all-fours-quad-stretch
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/581/Male/m/581_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/581/Male/m/581_2.jpg

Quad Stretch
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Other
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/quad-stretch
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/614/Male/m/614_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/614/Male/m/614_1.jpg

One Half Locust
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: None
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/one-half-locust
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/400/Male/m/400_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/400/Male/m/400_1.jpg

Standing Hip Flexors
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: None
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/standing-hip-flexors
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/444/Male/m/444_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/444/Male/m/444_2.jpg

Looking At Ceiling
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: None
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/looking-at-ceiling
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/455/Male/m/455_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/455/Male/m/455_2.jpg

Frog Hops
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: None
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/frog-hops
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/588/Male/m/588_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/588/Male/m/588_1.jpg

Rear Leg Raises
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/rear-leg-raises
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/634/Male/m/634_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/634/Male/m/634_2.jpg

On Your Side Quad Stretch
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: None
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/on-your-side-quad-stretch
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/402/Male/m/402_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/402/Male/m/402_1.jpg

On-Your-Back Quad Stretch
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Other
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/on-your-back-quad-stretch
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/430/Male/m/430_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/430/Male/m/430_1.jpg

Standing Elevated Quad Stretch
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Other
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/standing-elevated-quad-stretch
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/443/Male/m/443_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/443/Male/m/443_1.jpg

Box Squat with Chains
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Barbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/box-squat-with-chains
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/667/Male/m/667_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/667/Male/m/667_1.jpg

Car Deadlift
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Other
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/car-deadlift
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/676/Male/m/676_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/676/Male/m/676_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/676/Male/m/676_3.jpg

Squat with Bands
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Barbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/squat-with-bands
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/704/Male/m/704_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/704/Male/m/704_1.jpg

Sandbag Load
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Other
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/sandbag-load
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/711/Male/m/711_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/711/Male/m/711_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/711/Male/m/711_3.jpg

Sled Drag - Harness
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Other
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/sled-drag-harness
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/713/Male/m/713_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/713/Male/m/713_2.jpg

Squat Jerk
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Barbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/squat-jerk
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/721/Male/m/721_3.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/721/Male/m/721_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/721/Male/m/721_4.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/721/Male/m/721_1.jpg

Snatch from Blocks
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Barbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/snatch-from-blocks
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/745/Male/m/745_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/745/Male/m/745_3.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/745/Male/m/745_4.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/745/Male/m/745_2.jpg

Split Clean
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Barbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/split-clean
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/755/Male/m/755_4.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/755/Male/m/755_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/755/Male/m/755_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/755/Male/m/755_3.jpg

Reverse Band Power Squat
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Barbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/reverse-band-power-squat
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/757/Male/m/757_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/757/Male/m/757_2.jpg

Side Hop-Sprint
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Other
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/side-hop-sprint
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/816/Male/m/816_3.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/816/Male/m/816_4.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/816/Male/m/816_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/816/Male/m/816_2.jpg

Single-Leg Hop Progression
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Other
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/single-leg-hop-progression
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/821/Male/m/821_4.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/821/Male/m/821_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/821/Male/m/821_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/821/Male/m/821_3.jpg

Stride Jump Crossover
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Other
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/stride-jump-crossover
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/837/Male/m/837_3.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/837/Male/m/837_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/837/Male/m/837_4.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/837/Male/m/837_1.jpg

Hip Flexion with Band
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Bands
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/hip-flexion-with-band
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/878/Male/m/878_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/878/Male/m/878_1.jpg

Side Standing Long Jump
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: None
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/side-standing-long-jump
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/971/Male/m/971_3.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/971/Male/m/971_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/971/Male/m/971_1.jpg

Single-Cone Sprint Drill
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Other
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/single-cone-sprint-drill
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/981/Male/m/981_4.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/981/Male/m/981_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/981/Male/m/981_3.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/981/Male/m/981_2.jpg

Linear Depth Jump
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Other
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/linear-depth-jump
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/1141/Male/m/1141_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/1141/Male/m/1141_3.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/1141/Male/m/1141_2.jpg

Elevated Back Lunge
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Barbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/elevated-back-lunge
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/1171/Male/m/1171_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/1171/Male/m/1171_2.jpg

Lunge Sprint
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Machine
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/lunge-sprint
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/1861/Male/m/1861_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/1861/Male/m/1861_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/1861/Male/m/1861_3.jpg

Single Arm Overhead Kettlebell Squat
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Kettlebells
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/single-arm-overhead-kettlebell-squat
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/2793/Male/m/2793_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/2793/Male/m/2793_1.jpg

Slow Jog
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/slow-jog
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3083/Male/m/3083_3.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3083/Male/m/3083_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3083/Male/m/3083_2.jpg

Defensive Slide
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/defensive-slide
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3093/Male/m/3093_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3093/Male/m/3093_3.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3093/Male/m/3093_2.jpg

Square Hop
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/square-hop
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3163/Male/m/3163_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3163/Male/m/3163_2.jpg

Lateral Speed Step
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/lateral-speed-step
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3173/Male/m/3173_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3173/Male/m/3173_3.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3173/Male/m/3173_2.jpg

Dumbbell Overhead Squat
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Dumbbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/dumbbell-overhead-squat-
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3771/Male/m/3771_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3771/Male/m/3771_1.jpg

Single-Arm Dumbbell Overhead Squat
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Dumbbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/single-arm-dumbbell-overhead-squat
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3781/Male/m/3781_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3781/Male/m/3781_2.jpg

Single-Leg Box Jump
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Other
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/single-leg-box-jump
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/4071/Male/m/4071_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/4071/Male/m/4071_1.jpg

Burpee Over Barbell
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Barbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/burpee-over-barbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/4221/Male/m/4221_3.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/4221/Male/m/4221_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/4221/Male/m/4221_2.jpg

Kettlebell Sumo Squat
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Kettlebells
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/kettlebell-sumo-squat
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/4281/Male/m/4281_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/4281/Male/m/4281_1.jpg

Barbell Reverse Lunge
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Barbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/barbell-reverse-lunge
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/4361/Male/m/4361_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/4361/Male/m/4361_1.jpg

Close-Stance Dumbbell Front Squat
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Dumbbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/close-stance-dumbbell-front-squat
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/4771/Male/m/4771_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/4771/Male/m/4771_1.jpg

Double Under
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Other
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/double-under
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/5043/Male/m/5043_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/5043/Male/m/5043_2.jpg

Jumping Jack
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/jumping-jack
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/5063/Male/m/5063_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/5063/Male/m/5063_2.jpg

Sprawl Frog Kick
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/sprawl-frog-kick
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/5193/Male/m/5193_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/5193/Male/m/5193_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/5193/Male/m/5193_3.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/5193/Male/m/5193_4.jpg

Kettlebell Side Squat
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Kettlebells
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/kettlebell-side-squat
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/5283/Male/m/5283_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/5283/Male/m/5283_1.jpg

Kettlebell Thruster Progression
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Kettlebells
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/kettlebell-thruster-progression
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/5303/Male/m/5303_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/5303/Male/m/5303_4.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/5303/Male/m/5303_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/5303/Male/m/5303_3.jpg

Running Lunge
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/running-lunge
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/5323/Male/m/5323_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/5323/Male/m/5323_2.jpg

Southpaw Sprawl
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/southpaw-sprawl
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/5353/Male/m/5353_3.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/5353/Male/m/5353_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/5353/Male/m/5353_2.jpg

Lunge Heel Kick
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/lunge-heel-kick
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/5383/Male/m/5383_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/5383/Male/m/5383_1.jpg

Gorilla Squat
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/gorilla-squat
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/5393/Male/m/5393_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/5393/Male/m/5393_2.jpg

Burppe Box Jump
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Other
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/burppe-box-jump
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/5423/Male/m/5423_3.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/5423/Male/m/5423_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/5423/Male/m/5423_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/5423/Male/m/5423_4.jpg

Dumbbell Squat Snatch
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Dumbbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/dumbbell-squat-snatch
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/5433/Male/m/5433_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/5433/Male/m/5433_3.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/5433/Male/m/5433_2.jpg

Thigh Killa
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/thigh-killa
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/5473/Male/m/5473_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/5473/Male/m/5473_2.jpg

Lying Prone Quadriceps
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/lying-prone-quadriceps
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/607/Male/m/607_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/607/Male/m/607_1.jpg

Conan's Wheel
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Other
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/conans-wheel
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/674/Male/m/674_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/674/Male/m/674_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/674/Male/m/674_3.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/674/Male/m/674_4.jpg

Heaving Snatch Balance
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Barbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/heaving-snatch-balance
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/693/Male/m/693_3.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/693/Male/m/693_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/693/Male/m/693_1.jpg

Snatch Balance
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Barbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/snatch-balance-
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/715/Male/m/715_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/715/Male/m/715_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/715/Male/m/715_3.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/715/Male/m/715_4.jpg

Rickshaw Deadlift
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Other
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/rickshaw-deadlift-
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/743/Male/m/743_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/743/Male/m/743_2.jpg

Power Snatch from Blocks
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Barbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/power-snatch-from-blocks
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/747/Male/m/747_3.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/747/Male/m/747_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/747/Male/m/747_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/747/Male/m/747_4.jpg

Quick Leap
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Other
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/quick-leap
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/810/Male/m/810_3.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/810/Male/m/810_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/810/Male/m/810_1.jpg

Single-Leg Lateral Hop
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Other
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/single-leg-lateral-hop
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/822/Male/m/822_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/822/Male/m/822_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/822/Male/m/822_3.jpg

Single-Leg Stride Jump
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Other
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/single-leg-stride-jump
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/824/Male/m/824_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/824/Male/m/824_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/824/Male/m/824_3.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/824/Male/m/824_4.jpg

Star Jump
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/star-jump
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/835/Male/m/835_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/835/Male/m/835_1.jpg

Leverage Deadlift
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Machine
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/leverage-deadlift
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/890/Male/m/890_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/890/Male/m/890_2.jpg

Speed Box Squat
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Barbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/speed-box-squat
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/1241/Male/m/1241_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/1241/Male/m/1241_2.jpg

Feet Jack
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/feet-jack
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/2973/Male/m/2973_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/2973/Male/m/2973_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/2973/Male/m/2973_4.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/2973/Male/m/2973_3.jpg

Fast Kick With Arm Circles
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/fast-kick-with-arm-circles
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/2983/Male/m/2983_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/2983/Male/m/2983_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/2983/Male/m/2983_3.jpg

Football Up-Down
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/football-up-down
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/2993/Male/m/2993_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/2993/Male/m/2993_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/2993/Male/m/2993_3.jpg

Jump Lunge To Feet Jack
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/jump-lunge-to-feet-jack
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3003/Male/m/3003_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3003/Male/m/3003_2.jpg

Vertical Mountain Climber
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/vertical-mountain-climber
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3013/Male/m/3013_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3013/Male/m/3013_2.jpg

Slide Jump Shot
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/slide-jump-shot
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3073/Male/m/3073_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3073/Male/m/3073_4.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3073/Male/m/3073_3.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3073/Male/m/3073_1.jpg

High Knee Jog
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/high-knee-jog
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3183/Male/m/3183_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3183/Male/m/3183_1.jpg

Front-To-Back Squat With Belt
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Barbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/front-to-back-squat-with-belt
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3243/Male/m/3243_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3243/Male/m/3243_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3243/Male/m/3243_3.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3243/Male/m/3243_4.jpg

Bosu Ball Squat
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Exercise Ball
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/bosu-ball-squat
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3431/Male/m/3431_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3431/Male/m/3431_1.jpg

Forward Band Walk
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Bands
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/forward-band-walk
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3731/Male/m/3731_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3731/Male/m/3731_2.jpg

Barbell Squat To A Box
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Other
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/barbell-squat-to-a-box
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3871/Male/m/3871_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/3871/Male/m/3871_1.jpg

Ice Skater
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/ice-skater
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/4081/Male/m/4081_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/4081/Male/m/4081_1.jpg

Split Squat With Kettlebells
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Kettlebells
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/split-squat-with-kettlebells
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/4141/Male/m/4141_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/4141/Male/m/4141_2.jpg

Walking Lunge With Overhead Weight
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Other
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/walking-lunge-with-overhead-weight
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/4301/Male/m/4301_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/4301/Male/m/4301_2.jpg

Front Squat Push Press
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Barbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/front-squat-push-press
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/4471/Male/m/4471_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/4471/Male/m/4471_3.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/4471/Male/m/4471_1.jpg

Front Squat (Bodybuilder)
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Barbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/front-squat-bodybuilder
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/4481/Male/m/4481_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/4481/Male/m/4481_2.jpg

Front Squat (Clean Grip)
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Barbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/front-squat-clean-grip
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/4491/Male/m/4491_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/4491/Male/m/4491_2.jpg

Single-Leg Squat To Box
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Other
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/single-leg-squat-to-box
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/4511/Male/m/4511_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/4511/Male/m/4511_2.jpg

Single-Leg Skater Squat
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Other
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/single-leg-skater-squat
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/4521/Male/m/4521_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/4521/Male/m/4521_1.jpg

Wall Squat
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/wall-squat
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/4531/Male/m/4531_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/4531/Male/m/4531_1.jpg

Pop Squat
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/pop-squat
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/4551/Male/m/4551_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/4551/Male/m/4551_1.jpg

Trap Bar Jump
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Other
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/trap-bar-jump
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/4561/Male/m/4561_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/4561/Male/m/4561_1.jpg

Dumbbell Lunge and Curl
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Dumbbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/dumbbell-lunge-and-curl
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/4731/Male/m/4731_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/4731/Male/m/4731_1.jpg

Dumbbell Jump Squat
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Dumbbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/dumbbell-jump-squat
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/4761/Male/m/4761_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/4761/Male/m/4761_1.jpg

Lateral Hop Holding Dumbbells
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Dumbbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/lateral-hop-holding-dumbbells
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/4821/Male/m/4821_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/4821/Male/m/4821_2.jpg

Dumbbell Front Squat
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Dumbbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/dumbbell-front-squat
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/4831/Male/m/4831_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/4831/Male/m/4831_1.jpg

Lateral Hop 4 Times To Sprint
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Dumbbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/lateral-hop-4-times-to-sprint
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/4841/Male/m/4841_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/4841/Male/m/4841_3.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/4841/Male/m/4841_1.jpg

Wide-Stance Jump Squat To Close-Stance
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/wide-stance-jump-squat-to-close-stance
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/4921/Male/m/4921_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/4921/Male/m/4921_3.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/4921/Male/m/4921_1.jpg

Barbell Front-To-Back Squat
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Barbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/barbell-front-to-back-squat
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/5021/Male/m/5021_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/5021/Male/m/5021_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/5021/Male/m/5021_3.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/5021/Male/m/5021_4.jpg

Dumbbell Pistol Squat
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Dumbbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/dumbbell-pistol-squat
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/5053/Male/m/5053_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/5053/Male/m/5053_2.jpg

Dumbbell Alternating Lunge
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Dumbbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/dumbbell-alternating-lunge
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/5073/Male/m/5073_4.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/5073/Male/m/5073_3.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/5073/Male/m/5073_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/5073/Male/m/5073_2.jpg

Side Lunge Touching Heel
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/side-lunge-touching-heel
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/5083/Male/m/5083_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/5083/Male/m/5083_1.jpg

Jumping Knee Up Down
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/jumping-knee-up-down
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/5203/Male/m/5203_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/5203/Male/m/5203_3.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/5203/Male/m/5203_1.jpg

Burpee Tuck Jump
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/burpee-tuck-jump
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/5213/Male/m/5213_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/5213/Male/m/5213_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/5213/Male/m/5213_3.jpg

Wall Sprawl
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/wall-sprawl
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/5223/Male/m/5223_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/5223/Male/m/5223_2.jpg

Medicine Ball Ninja
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Medicine Ball
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/medicine-ball-ninja
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/5273/Male/m/5273_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/5273/Male/m/5273_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/5273/Male/m/5273_3.jpg

Kettlebell Fire Feet
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Kettlebells
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/kettlebell-fire-feet
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/5293/Male/m/5293_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/5293/Male/m/5293_2.jpg

Reverse Burpee
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Body Only
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/reverse-burpee
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/5403/Male/m/5403_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/5403/Male/m/5403_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/5403/Male/m/5403_3.jpg

Kettlebell Squat Clean
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Kettlebells
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/kettlebell-squat-clean
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/5483/Male/m/5483_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/5483/Male/m/5483_3.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/5483/Male/m/5483_2.jpg

Burpee Box Jump
Muscle Targeted: Quadriceps
Equipment Type: Other
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/burpee-box-jump
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/5493/Male/m/5493_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/5493/Male/m/5493_3.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/5493/Male/m/5493_4.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/5493/Male/m/5493_1.jpg

