Smith Machine Shrug
Muscle Targeted: Traps
Equipment Type: Machine
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/smith-machine-shrug
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/134/Male/m/134_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/134/Male/m/134_2.jpg

Leverage Shrug
Muscle Targeted: Traps
Equipment Type: Machine
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/leverage-shrug
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/898/Male/m/898_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/898/Male/m/898_2.jpg

Standing Dumbbell Upright Row
Muscle Targeted: Traps
Equipment Type: Dumbbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/standing-dumbbell-upright-row
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/368/Male/m/368_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/368/Male/m/368_2.jpg

Kettlebell Sumo High Pull
Muscle Targeted: Traps
Equipment Type: Kettlebells
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/kettlebell-sumo-high-pull
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/645/Male/m/645_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/645/Male/m/645_1.jpg

Dumbbell Shrug
Muscle Targeted: Traps
Equipment Type: Dumbbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/dumbbell-shrug
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/96/Male/m/96_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/96/Male/m/96_1.jpg

Calf-Machine Shoulder Shrug
Muscle Targeted: Traps
Equipment Type: Machine
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/calf-machine-shoulder-shrug
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/184/Male/m/184_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/184/Male/m/184_1.jpg

Barbell Shrug
Muscle Targeted: Traps
Equipment Type: Barbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/barbell-shrug
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/97/Male/m/97_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/97/Male/m/97_2.jpg

Barbell Shrug Behind The Back
Muscle Targeted: Traps
Equipment Type: Barbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/barbell-shrug-behind-the-back
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/216/Male/m/216_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/216/Male/m/216_1.jpg

Upright Cable Row
Muscle Targeted: Traps
Equipment Type: Cable
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/upright-cable-row
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/71/Male/m/71_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/71/Male/m/71_1.jpg

Cable Shrugs
Muscle Targeted: Traps
Equipment Type: Cable
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/cable-shrugs
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/133/Male/m/133_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/133/Male/m/133_2.jpg

Upright Row - With Bands
Muscle Targeted: Traps
Equipment Type: Bands
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/upright-row-with-bands
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/261/Male/m/261_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/261/Male/m/261_2.jpg

Smith Machine Behind the Back Shrug
Muscle Targeted: Traps
Equipment Type: Machine
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/smith-machine-behind-the-back-shrug
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/2131/Male/m/2131_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/2131/Male/m/2131_1.jpg

Smith Machine Upright Row
Muscle Targeted: Traps
Equipment Type: Machine
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/smith-machine-upright-row
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/78/Male/m/78_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/78/Male/m/78_1.jpg

Clean Shrug
Muscle Targeted: Traps
Equipment Type: Barbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/clean-shrug
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/673/Male/m/673_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/673/Male/m/673_2.jpg

Scapular Pull-Up
Muscle Targeted: Traps
Equipment Type: None
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/scapular-pull-up
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/1451/Male/m/1451_1.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/1451/Male/m/1451_2.jpg

Snatch Shrug
Muscle Targeted: Traps
Equipment Type: Barbell
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/snatch-shrug
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/718/Male/m/718_2.jpg
https://www.bodybuilding.com/exercises/exerciseImages/sequences/718/Male/m/718_1.jpg

